README.md, before:

# 👋 Welcome to My Professional Portfolio

<div align="center">
<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Poppins&weight=700&size=32&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=00D4FF&center=true&vCenter=true&repeat=true&width=600&height=100&lines=%F0%9F%8E%AF+DATA+ANALYST;%F0%9F%A7%AA+QA+AUTOMATION+ENGINEER;%F0%9F%8F%A5+HEALTHCARE+SPECIALIST;%F0%9F%93%8A+BI+DASHBOARDS+EXPERT;4%2B+YEARS+IN+HEALTHCARE+TECH" alt="Typing Animation
## 🎯 About Me

I'm a passionate **Data Analyst and QA Automation Engineer** with **4+ years of experience** in healthcare data analytics, software testing, and business intelligence. I specialize in transforming raw data into actionable insights and building robust automation solutions.

### 🏆 What I Do:
- 📊 **Data Analysis & Dashboard Creation**: Power BI, Tableau, Google Sheets, Looker Studio
- 🧪 **Software Testing**: Manual Testing, Automation (Selenium, TestNG), API Testing (Postman)
- 💾 **Database Management**: SQL queries, Database Testing (MySQL, SQL Server)
- 🏥 **Healthcare Domain Expertise**: Revenue Cycle Management, Clinical Analytics, Pharmacovigilance | RCM Analytics
- 💰 **Revenue Cycle Management**: Billing optimization, claims analysis, accounts receivable, payment processing, insurance verification
- 🤖 **Automation & Scripting**: Python, Java, SQL, JavaScript
- 📈 **Business Intelligence**: Predictive Analytics, Statistical Modeling, Data Visualization

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Programming & Scripting
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-sql-server&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

### Testing & QA
![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium-43B02A?style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=white)
![TestNG](https://img.shields.io/badge/TestNG-FF6B35?style=for-the-badge&logo=testing-library&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Cucumber](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cucumber-23D96C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cucumber&logoColor=white)

### Data & BI Tools
![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power_BI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=power-bi&logoColor=black)
![Tableau](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=for-the-badge&logo=tableau&logoColor=white)
![Excel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white)
![Looker Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Looker_Studio-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white)

### Tools & Platforms
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jira-0052CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![IntelliJ IDEA](https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ_IDEA-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white)

---

## 📌 Featured Projects

### 🏥 **Hospital Bed Occupancy Risk Forecast**
*Predictive analytics for healthcare capacity management*
- Forecasts bed occupancy for Medicine, Pediatrics, and Surgery departments
- Analyzes impact of length of stay and admission patterns
- Tech: Python | Power BI | Excel
- [View Project](https://github.com/Magidatif/Hospital-Bed-Occupancy-Risk-Forecast)

### 💰 **Healthcare Revenue Cycle Dashboards**
*BI dashboards for monitoring hospital performance metrics*
- Real-time tracking of productivity, costs, revenue, and settlement rates
- Multi-branch performance analytics and reporting
- Tech: SQL | Power BI | Tableau
- [View Project](https://github.com/Magidatif/Hospital-Revenue-On-tableau)

### 🧪 **Automation Exercise Testing Framework**
*End-to-end automation testing for e-commerce platform*
- Comprehensive test automation for registration, login, cart, and checkout
- BDD implementation with Cucumber
- Tech: Java | Selenium | TestNG | Cucumber
- [View Project](https://github.com/Magidatif/AutomationExerciseProject_7.55_Comp_TC)

### 📊 **Online Retail Sales Analysis**
*Advanced data analytics project for retail insights*
- Analyzes sales trends, customer behavior, and revenue patterns
- Statistical analysis and predictive modeling
- Tech: Python | Jupyter Notebook | Pandas
- [View Project](https://github.com/Magidatif/Online-Retail-Sales-Analysis)

### 💰 **Revenue Cycle Management - Comprehensive Analytics**

*Strategic analysis and optimization of hospital revenue operations*

- Complete RCM process optimization from billing to collection
- Multi-branch revenue analysis and performance benchmarking
- Claims denials analysis and resubmission tracking
- Accounts receivable aging and collection rate improvements
- Patient payment trends and insurance verification optimization
- Tech: SQL | Power BI | Tableau | Python | Excel

### 📋 **RCM Report - Python Analytics**
*Revenue Cycle Management automated reporting*
- Automated data extraction and transformation
- Performance metrics calculation and analysis
- Tech: Python | SQL | Excel
- [View Project](https://github.com/Magidatif/RCM_Report)


---

## 🌟 Certifications & Training

✅ **Software Testing Foundation (ISTQB-Level)**  
✅ **Data Fundamentals & Analytics (IBM SkillsBuild)**  
✅ **Data Analysis Specialist**  
✅ **Revenue Cycle Management in Healthcare**  
✅ **Master of Power BI**  
✅ **Python Programming & Automation**  
✅ **Pharmacovigilance & Healthcare Compliance**  
✅ **Microsoft Excel Advanced**  

---

## 💼 Professional Experience

### **Data Analyst - Technical Office**
*Egyptian Healthcare Authority, Luxor | Oct 2024 – Present*
- Building SQL queries and Power BI dashboards for multi-department analytics
- Leading data validation and automated reporting initiatives
- Improving resource allocation through predictive analytics

### **Data Analyst - Revenue Cycle Management**
*Cairo | Mar 2024 – Sep 2024*
- Analyzed multi-branch healthcare data using Tableau and SQL
- Built dashboards for revenue optimization and cost reduction
- Implemented predictive models for patient inflow forecasting

### **Previous Roles** (2022-2024)
- Pharmacy Department Director
- Clinical Pharmacist
- Healthcare Operations Specialist

---

## 🎓 Education

**Bachelor of Pharmacy**  
October 6 University, Cairo, Egypt

---

## 🔗 Connect With Me

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/magid-atif85" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  <a href="https://wa.me/201067926969" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" alt="WhatsApp" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://t.me/Magidatif" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-0088cc?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white" alt="Telegram" />
  </a>
</div>

---

## 📞 Open To

✅ **Remote Opportunities** - Full-time / Part-time / Contract  
✅ **Gulf Region Positions** - UAE, Qatar  
✅ **Freelance Projects** - Data Analysis, QA Testing, BI Dashboards  
✅ **Collaboration** - Open source projects & knowledge sharing  
✅ **Teaching & Mentoring** - Sharing expertise in QA and Data Analytics  

---

## 💡 Fun Facts

- 🎯 Passionate about data-driven decision making
- 🧠 Continuous learner exploring AI and advanced analytics
- 🏥 Healthcare domain expert with 4+ years experience
- 🤝 Open to collaboration and mentoring
- 🌍 Available for remote work globally

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Magidatif&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="Profile Views" />
  
  **Made with ❤️ by Magid Atif**
</div>

Commit message:

💰 Enhance About Me with RCM expertise highlight
Added expertise in Revenue Cycle Management analytics to the introduction.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Welcome to My Professional Portfolio

<div align="center">
<img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Poppins&weight=700&size=32&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=00D4FF&center=true&vCenter=true&repeat=true&width=600&height=100&lines=%F0%9F%8E%AF+DATA+ANALYST;%F0%9F%A7%AA+QA+AUTOMATION+ENGINEER;%F0%9F%8F%A5+HEALTHCARE+SPECIALIST;%F0%9F%93%8A+BI+DASHBOARDS+EXPERT;4%2B+YEARS+IN+HEALTHCARE+TECH" alt="Typing Animation
## 🎯 About Me

I'm a passionate **Data Analyst and QA Automation Engineer** with **4+ years of experience** in healthcare data analytics, software testing, and business intelligence. I specialize in transforming raw data into actionable insights and building robust automation solutions. I have specialized expertise in **Revenue Cycle Management (RCM)** analytics, driving healthcare operational efficiency through billing optimization, claims management, and revenue recovery.

### 🏆 What I Do:
- 📊 **Data Analysis & Dashboard Creation**: Power BI, Tableau, Google Sheets, Looker Studio
- 🧪 **Software Testing**: Manual Testing, Automation (Selenium, TestNG), API Testing (Postman)
- 💾 **Database Management**: SQL queries, Database Testing (MySQL, SQL Server)
- 🏥 **Healthcare Domain Expertise**: Revenue Cycle Management, Clinical Analytics, Pharmacovigilance | RCM Analytics
- 💰 **Revenue Cycle Management**: Billing optimization, claims analysis, accounts receivable, payment processing, insurance verification
- 🤖 **Automation & Scripting**: Python, Java, SQL, JavaScript
- 📈 **Business Intelligence**: Predictive Analytics, Statistical Modeling, Data Visualization

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Programming & Scripting
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-sql-server&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

### Testing & QA
![Selenium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Selenium-43B02A?style=for-the-badge&logo=selenium&logoColor=white)
![TestNG](https://img.shields.io/badge/TestNG-FF6B35?style=for-the-badge&logo=testing-library&logoColor=white)
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)
![Cucumber](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cucumber-23D96C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cucumber&logoColor=white)

### Data & BI Tools
![Power BI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Power_BI-F2C811?style=for-the-badge&logo=power-bi&logoColor=black)
![Tableau](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tableau-E97627?style=for-the-badge&logo=tableau&logoColor=white)
![Excel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Excel-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white)
![Looker Studio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Looker_Studio-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white)

### Tools & Platforms
![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jira-0052CC?style=for-the-badge&logo=jira&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS_Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![IntelliJ IDEA](https://img.shields.io/badge/IntelliJ_IDEA-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=intellij-idea&logoColor=white)

---

## 📌 Featured Projects

### 🏥 **Hospital Bed Occupancy Risk Forecast**
*Predictive analytics for healthcare capacity management*
- Forecasts bed occupancy for Medicine, Pediatrics, and Surgery departments
- Analyzes impact of length of stay and admission patterns
- Tech: Python | Power BI | Excel
- [View Project](https://github.com/Magidatif/Hospital-Bed-Occupancy-Risk-Forecast)

### 💰 **Healthcare Revenue Cycle Dashboards**
*BI dashboards for monitoring hospital performance metrics*
- Real-time tracking of productivity, costs, revenue, and settlement rates
- Multi-branch performance analytics and reporting
- Tech: SQL | Power BI | Tableau
- [View Project](https://github.com/Magidatif/Hospital-Revenue-On-tableau)

### 🧪 **Automation Exercise Testing Framework**
*End-to-end automation testing for e-commerce platform*
- Comprehensive test automation for registration, login, cart, and checkout
- BDD implementation with Cucumber
- Tech: Java | Selenium | TestNG | Cucumber
- [View Project](https://github.com/Magidatif/AutomationExerciseProject_7.55_Comp_TC)

### 📊 **Online Retail Sales Analysis**
*Advanced data analytics project for retail insights*
- Analyzes sales trends, customer behavior, and revenue patterns
- Statistical analysis and predictive modeling
- Tech: Python | Jupyter Notebook | Pandas
- [View Project](https://github.com/Magidatif/Online-Retail-Sales-Analysis)

### 💰 **Revenue Cycle Management - Comprehensive Analytics**

*Strategic analysis and optimization of hospital revenue operations*

- Complete RCM process optimization from billing to collection
- Multi-branch revenue analysis and performance benchmarking
- Claims denials analysis and resubmission tracking
- Accounts receivable aging and collection rate improvements
- Patient payment trends and insurance verification optimization
- Tech: SQL | Power BI | Tableau | Python | Excel

### 📋 **RCM Report - Python Analytics**
*Revenue Cycle Management automated reporting*
- Automated data extraction and transformation
- Performance metrics calculation and analysis
- Tech: Python | SQL | Excel
- [View Project](https://github.com/Magidatif/RCM_Report)


---

## 🌟 Certifications & Training

✅ **Software Testing Foundation (ISTQB-Level)**  
✅ **Data Fundamentals & Analytics (IBM SkillsBuild)**  
✅ **Data Analysis Specialist**  
✅ **Revenue Cycle Management in Healthcare**  
✅ **Master of Power BI**  
✅ **Python Programming & Automation**  
✅ **Pharmacovigilance & Healthcare Compliance**  
✅ **Microsoft Excel Advanced**  

---

## 💼 Professional Experience

### **Data Analyst - Technical Office**
*Egyptian Healthcare Authority, Luxor | Oct 2024 – Present*
- Building SQL queries and Power BI dashboards for multi-department analytics
- Leading data validation and automated reporting initiatives
- Improving resource allocation through predictive analytics

### **Data Analyst - Revenue Cycle Management**
*Cairo | Mar 2024 – Sep 2024*
- Analyzed multi-branch healthcare data using Tableau and SQL
- Built dashboards for revenue optimization and cost reduction
- Implemented predictive models for patient inflow forecasting

### **Previous Roles** (2022-2024)
- Pharmacy Department Director
- Clinical Pharmacist
- Healthcare Operations Specialist

---

## 🎓 Education

**Bachelor of Pharmacy**  
October 6 University, Cairo, Egypt

---

## 🔗 Connect With Me

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/magid-atif85" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" />
  <a href="https://wa.me/201067926969" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/WhatsApp-25D366?style=for-the-badge&logo=whatsapp&logoColor=white" alt="WhatsApp" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://t.me/Magidatif" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-0088cc?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram&logoColor=white" alt="Telegram" />
  </a>
</div>

---

## 📞 Open To

✅ **Remote Opportunities** - Full-time / Part-time / Contract  
✅ **Gulf Region Positions** - UAE, Qatar  
✅ **Freelance Projects** - Data Analysis, QA Testing, BI Dashboards  
✅ **Collaboration** - Open source projects & knowledge sharing  
✅ **Teaching & Mentoring** - Sharing expertise in QA and Data Analytics  

---

## 💡 Fun Facts

- 🎯 Passionate about data-driven decision making
- 🧠 Continuous learner exploring AI and advanced analytics
- 🏥 Healthcare domain expert with 4+ years experience
- 🤝 Open to collaboration and mentoring
- 🌍 Available for remote work globally

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Magidatif&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="Profile Views" />
  
  **Made with ❤️ by Magid Atif**
</div>
